### Functional Requirements Exercise: Bank
- You're designing a mobile banking application that allows users to manage a single bank account.
- What are the question you might ask?
- What are examples of functional requirements?
- **Questions:**
	- What types of transactions should the app support (deposits, withdraw, transfers)?
	- How far back does the history need to go?
	- What level of detail does the transaction need to have?
	- what level of security do we need to have?
	- How do we invalidate session / load a user out?
	- Is there compliance we need to adhere to?
	- What are the performance requirements?
	- How do we display transaction status?
	- What types of notifications do we show / send the user?
	- What is the primary device type for users (Android / Iphone).
	- Do we have to support mobile wallets?
- **Functional:**
	- Users should be able to login to their account with a username and password
	- User should be able to export transaction data from the past 12 months.
	- Users are required to setup MFA
	- Users should be able to transfer, receive money and schedule transfers.
	- User should be able to report fraud.
	- Users should be able to search and filter history
	- Users should be able to categorise transactions for budgeting.
	- What currency is supported (INR for India).
	- Users should get insufficient balance message if balance <= 0.
	- How transactions should be presented like datetime, amount, status.
	- All datetime should be localised.
	- User are located in the India